So after having the look at symbol's walk onto the next model is course it's about iterators and generators
.
So what are iterators and generators.
A nice question the beginning of each module isn't it.
Raiders are basically all objects that know how a tree access values in a collection of one at a time
.
So for example an array is such an iterator.
It's incredible.
That means you can loop through it and has a collection of objects and it knows how to output them one
after another.
Now you can also create your own objects with your own iterator logic which doesn't necessarily mean
that you only have a race where to use or interesting numbers or whatever he wants to output one after
number you might have an object where you have a completely different logic for that which you value
should be returned in let's say a form of loop or whenever you use it with the iterator syntax which
I will show you.
So that is an iterator an object through which you can loop kind of a generator is closely related to
that.
A generator is a function which doesn't necessarily run to the end when we execute it.
Now that certainly sounds strange.
Specifically a generator is a function which yields certain values.
Each time you call it it yields the next value and you may your 5 10 and unlimited or only one value
.
And that of course closely resembles the behavior of iterators where you also yield or get one value
after yabber a generator is a function which yields different values and especially powerful combinations
of course if you use generators and iterators together and you will see all of that throughout the course
of this module.
So let's dive in